before we begin let me start by saying
this is the story of a bunch of whiny
children who break all the rules
to face the dangers of solving all the
mysteries while the adults apparently
spend their time making it harder for
them
and the other half resting on their lazy
glutes i mean
wtf dumbledore
those styles of my movie today are
a bunch of folk from the first two
movies plus
sir patrick commissioner golden
miss cass dumbledore and
nanny mcphee play
our store begins with harry's aunt marge
coming to the durs list to eat the rest
of their food to make sure harris stays
malnourished forever
so while he's doing his usual job of
butlering she go insulting his mama and
papa
calling his daddy a drunk and his mama a
[ __ ] and so he does what any orphan
what an inferiority complex would do
and made to wait on his inferior foster
family and blows her orange
up into a giant peach but harry knows he
ain't supposed to be using magic outside
of school
so he already went in oft before the
magic po-po come to put his
in the hocus pokey but it's hard out
here for pimp
and harry learns this very quickly when
he is approached by a big rabid scary
hairy dog
luckily there's a triple decker bus that
roams around looking for homeless magic
folk sure the ticket teller and the beds
look like they might give you a disease
but
at least you'll be entertained by
something that look like captain jack's
mama
and who knows what's in ernest sandwich
did anyone ever notice only look like a
cracked out wolf blitzel there's
definitely some cd
going down on this bus i mean wolf is
consuming something suspicious all these
magic folks are knocked out by something
to be able to sleep through all this
commotion
the ticket teller guy looks like he's
done some fiend picking and then the man
that retrieves harry looks like some
love child of the hunchback of notre
dame and knows ferrara too
so here it goes into the leaky culture
and where it looked like the food you'd
eat there would give you some leaky
bowels
to meet the president of the wizards of
some such i don't know
where he's like harry don't you know
there's a big rabbit scary hairy dog on
the loose and he's looking to bite that
booty
he's an ex-con escaped from the hokey
pokey they put his right foot in they
put his left foot in they put his right
hand
in they put his left hand in they put
his backside in they put his whole self
in
and they didn't take it out so harry
meets up with his brother from another
mother and his sister from another
mister
and now hop on the magic piece train the
pigs it's perry gives the crew a little
update on who's coming for that
this year well they proceed with their
usual nancy drew and the hardy boys
snooping
i'll loop it and then the train stops
and these creepy bastards come on board
and we learn their sole purpose is to
suck all the happiness from your soul
until all that's left in your head is
taylor swift's songs
look at his badass my mama loves this
character so much she named her own
hairy scary tiny dog after him
you know the one she shaved naked before
winter and had to dress in the
build-a-bear bathrobe
he's scarier than the movie looping
though my old pinky toe right off
no regrets after some fat toad head
banging we find out lupin is the new
d-a-d-a
teach and can i ask a serious question
how the hell you got an open and full
professor and hagar is the best you can
find
dumbledore let me tell you so i mowed
that grass for frey
off the class where harry meets hagrid's
big chicken bird hole stingy
then harry takes a magic big chicken
bird hosting a ride
then in lupin's class where they learn
about these things that transform
themselves into the thing that scares
you the most
then they learn some spell that sounds
something like absurdioso
i don't know joe always be trying to
speak spanish all right class repeat
after me
absurdioso
and of course people from britain named
harry always got to be airing their
dirty laundry and dragging around their
past traumas
jenna you in this movie well anyway the
lady everybody calls that disgusting fat
shaming name got the chocolate drop
scared out of her by one big rabbit
scary hairy dog
look at this lazy sh go down close them
yourself you damn [ __ ]
y'all professor's a werewolf blah blah
blah blah blah
sucker on broomsticks get your soul
sucked
peppermintos mementos
then harry goes creeping in his cloak
gets a stalker's map from the weasley
twins
and over his mcgonagall on the president
or whatever of the wizards talking about
sirius black killing peter pettigrew and
going to the hocus pokey
sirius being harry potter's godfather
because they like to gossip and say
harry potter
and oh my god who the hell is peter
pettigrew
then lupin helps harry learn how to tame
the beast with some spell that teaches
you how to repel it like italian food
repels a vampire
because it gives them heartburn then we
find out buckbeak's been sentenced to
become
hfc hogwarts fried chicken
then harris spends a night following
people around that are supposed to be
deceased but apparently they're bad at
it
then lupin takes the map from harry
potter and finds out peter pettigrew
ain't dead
and who the hell is peter pettigrew
imagine this prophecy has said peter
pettigrew is a rat
i mean he's a rat but he's a rat
know what i'm saying and serious black
is innocent
we learned ron wants a woman that abuses
boys harry gets dunked in the head
and then big buck is about to get an axe
right in his big
buck then they see buckbeak literally
get the axe and harris stop being a
needed third wheeled damn
so then the big rabid scary hairy dog
shows up just in time for ron to find
that rat and piss his pants
inside the morning mansion harry and the
mighty find the dog done turned dude
then says only one will die tonight and
you know y'all could save yourselves a
whole lot of heartache if you'd stop
being so [ __ ] cryptic
but here was a bust of cap whoo my man
them teeth in serious need of a
jackhammer
and then looping busts in and says i
should have expected to find you holding
beta's leash
something like that then they hug like
bros
and who the hell invited you snape or
have you been sniffing out lupines
so long you just happen to look like the
hero i hope they pants you again
right in front of lily's child no
sunlight getting
then harry bumps that pasty fool and
finds out peter pettigrew is a rat
who cut off his own finger to make it
look like he was dead after he turned
harry's parents over the voldemort
whoo this story got more plot twists
than downton abbey
hey that damn show after they killed
matthew so we already knew sirius was a
little krusty but we also learned he's a
little rusty
and i'll be damned peter pettigrew is a
rat
and just as serious and looping about to
off him harry potter goes getting all
noble
and then sirius is like you know harry
once i'm
free man come little me see he ain't a
bad guy give him a little toothpaste
he'll clean right up
then the full moon got looping like i
can't hear y'all over the sound of me
going thrilla
then snape sniffs out that's again
sirius turns dog to save them all until
somebody is hermione
cause looping away with a howl and
serious moses on down to the lake
i guess it wouldn't do no good to inform
you all so sucking that serious is
innocent
but somebody's patrolling us it's harris
saves them
then hermione wakes harry and tells him
she got this thingamabob that helps her
time travel
so she can take two classes being held
at the same time
to assist her in her lifetime goal of
being an even bigger dweeb than she
already
is so they go back in time to thunk
harry in the head
say buckbeak get hermione howland and
get harry expecto patronumen
but before we leave this scene can i
just add harry
can we have a little talk son your
godfather is sitting there getting his
blueberry soul sucked out
and you're just sitting there trying to
convince your friend that you're dead
daddy made a resurrection
so finally harry's just like expecto oh
no pepperminto
because they'll always be trying to
speak spanish then they jump right on
that big bird
and then they fly and they save sirius
who escapes on the big chicken bird
horse thingy
lupin gets fired and gives harry back to
map which he made with harry's dad and
that damn dog and that rat
but they don't really tell you that in
the movie so if you ain't read the books
and you got friends that did
feel free to flaunt that detail in front
like you don't go literary at the
end be sure to like share and subscribe
for your regular uno memento
of meth while you're here read these
folks names
they are just some of the people who
keep these videos coming to y'all twice
a month
if you enjoyed this video how about you
join this little mob of meth head so i
can make more videos
for more is explained for i'm jeb
oh now and that's what it's all about